Yahoo! Social API PHP SDK License

Copyright 2008 Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo! grants to You a limited, non-exclusive, non- assignable,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty- free license to access to use
and modify the Yahoo! Social API PHP SDK License ("Software"), solely as
necessary for the purpose of creating an Application to run on the Yahoo!
Application Platform using the OAuth authentication standard as implemented by
Yahoo!, and as described in this license and in the Yahoo! Application
Platform TOU, which are incorporated herein by reference. You may not sell,
resell, redistribute, sublicense, or transfer all or any portion of the
Software. Except for the license expressly granted under copyright hereunder,
no rights, licenses or forbearances are granted or may arise in relation to
this license whether expressly, by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or
otherwise. All rights, including all intellectual property rights, that are
not expressly granted under this license are hereby reserved by Yahoo!.

You must retain and reproduce any and all Yahoo! copyright or other notices
that are included in the Software in the same form as they appear in the
Software.

This license shall terminate automatically if you violate it terms.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL YAHOO!
OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

This Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to
conflict of law principles. The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. All disputes
arising out of this Agreement involving Yahoo! or any of its subsidiaries
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts of
northern California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California. Any
waiver of the provisions of this Agreement or of a party's rights or remedies
under this Agreement must be in writing to be effective. Failure, neglect or
delay by a party to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or its rights or
remedies at any time, will not be construed or be deemed to be a waiver of
such party's rights under this Agreement and will not in any way affect the
validity of the whole or any part of this Agreement or prejudice such party's
right to take subsequent action.

This also code contains software from the following sources -

MIT License - for PHP OAuth Library

Copyright © 2007 Andy Smith

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

BSD License - for JSON encoder and decoder

Copyright © 2008 Michal Migurski
